=============
Retrospective
=============

Date
  ISO-8601 representation of date (e.g., 2020-09-01)

Attendees
  * *Name*
  * ...

.. attention:: Be sure to remove the explanatory paragraphs from this template.

Pull Requests
=============

Pull requests have the following form::

  https://github.com/account/repository/pull/number

where *account* is the individual or organization that owns the repository,
*repository* is the name of the repository, and *number* is an integer that
specifies a specific pull request. Listing each pull request provides a
permanent record of your work for the sprint. You should have at least one
specification and likely several pull requests for implementation activities.

Specification(s)
  * URL of the pull request of the specification
  * ...

Implementation
  * URL of the pull request of a code change
  * ...

Changes from Prior Sprints
==========================

What changes did you make in response to the prior sprint's retrospective? A
succinct list is preferable to copy-pasting from the prior retrospective notes.
Summarize if the change was helpful, but defer detailed discussion of any
Issues_ until later (when applicable).

.. note:: For the first sprint's retrospective, simply enter ``None``.

Issues
======

What issues did you encounter during the sprint? Reflect on what went well and
what didn't. Consider the potential cause(s) for each issue, but don't devolve
into finger-pointing -- focus on how to improve the *process* so that the team
is more successful in the future. Finally, be specific. There should be
sufficient detail to prevent another team from experiencing the same issue in
the future if they read your retrospective notes. One paragraph (3-5 sentences)
for each issue is an appropriate level of detail.

Recommendations
===============

For each issue, describe what change(s) you will make for the next sprint.
Again, it's important to be specific and set reasonable objectives. If a
problem is too difficult to address in the next sprint, identify how you
ideally would address it, why that approach isn't feasible, and an initial step
that you can take moving forward.

Individual Contributions
========================

How did each individual contribute to the various sprint deliverables? Don't
forget that some tasks, such as taking notes during team meetings, are not
visible in the final product, which does not diminish their importance. At the
conclusion of the project, the retrospective notes should provide a complete
list of each individual's contributions.

Name of Individual
  Description of the individual's *specific* contributions. A list or multiple
  paragraphs is reasonable, including links to artifacts (e.g., code reviews).

Name of Individual
  ...
