====
W5HH
====

Objectives
==========

  *Why* is the system being developed?

The background should describe the project, including its rationale (i.e.,
importance) and alternatives. A small amount of original research may be
appropriate: What already exists that might address the underlying need? The
description should go beyond the information provided in any initial project
description that you receive.

Milestones and Schedule
=======================

  *What* will be done by *when*?

Is the scope for the project clearly defined? Is it unambiguous and
understandable at the technical and managerial levels? Does it address all the
(un)stated requirements of the project? Are the tasks to complete the
objectives defined, at least at a high level?

Is a tentative project schedule included? Are there milestones to identify
separate phases of the project? Are there clear deliverables for each
milestone? Is the schedule realistic? For tasks that require coordination, are
the respective schedules consistent?

Responsibilities
================

  *Who* is responsible for a function? *Where* are they organizationally
  located?

With multiple people working together on the project, it is important for each
person to have clear responsibilities. What organizational paradigm will be
used? Are the responsibilities for each role defined? Are the integration
points with others (including software libraries) identified?

Are the responsibilities of those outside the project team (e.g., the customer
and end user) enumerated? Such responsibilities also include integration points
with other teams.

Approach
========

  *How* will the job be done, technically and managerially?

Is there a project and technical management strategy? If not, who will resolve
disagreements should they arise? How will tasks that require coordination among
individuals or teams be managed?

Resources
=========

  *How* much of each resource is needed?

Are the available resources, including individual contributors, appropriate for
the scope of the project? Are specialized computing resources identified (if
applicable)?
